To start, add a new sheet to the excel
file at the bottom. Double click it to
name it 'Structured Table'.
Select the data in column A by clicking
and dragging your cursor over it from row
one to seven, right click and selectcopy.
Go to your new sheet and right click in
cell A1. Under the Paste options select
Transpose. The data stored in rows is now
copied across multiple columns.
Now select all the data, copy and paste
into the new sheet in cell A2, again
using the Transpose paste option.
Now your data is correctly formatted into
rows and columns. You just need to change
the value in A1 from 'data' to 'year'  so
the column is correctly labeled.
Finally, select all your data and format
it into a table using one of the methods
you learned in the previous exercise.